Actualize anchoring readme [ECR-3685] (#153)
exonum/exonum-btc-anchoring: guides/maintenance.md

# A Maintenance Guide

This manual is intended for advanced users who already able to launch an anchoring
instance in accordance of a [newbie](newbie.md) guide.

The manual describes most common procedures of the service maintenance:

* [Funding of anchoring chain wallet](#Funding-of-anchoring-chain-wallet)
* [Modification of configuration parameters](#Modification-of-configuration-parameters)
* [Changing list of anchoring nodes](#Changing-list-of-anchoring-nodes)

## Funding of anchoring chain wallet

> Sometimes you have to replenish the anchoring chain wallet to keep anchoring going.

Reviewer: I'd rephrase it to something like "Anchoring process can be performed only if there is a sufficient amount of funds on the anchoring wallet. To keep anchoring working, you have to add funds to this wallet and keep the balance non-zero all the time that anchroing node is running. To increase a balance of the anchoring wallet, you should do the following:
- Get the actual anchoring address, which can be obtained...
- Save received transaction hex and wait...
- After ensuring that transaction have got enough confirmations..."

> To do this send a some amount of Bitcoins to the actual anchoring address, which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do it, send some amount of Bitcoins to the actual anchoring address, which
```

you can obtain by the public HTTP API [endpoint][anchoring:actual-address].
And then save received transaction hex and wait until it get enough confirmations
in Bitcoin network. When the transaction receives enough confirmations, send it
to each of the anchoring nodes using the corresponding private HTTP API
[endpoint][anchoring:add-funds].

***Beware!** The anchoring node itself does not check that the funding
transaction is confirmed and can be spend. If you send a malformed transaction,

> you will completely break anchoring.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the behaviour of the anchoring node is undefined.*
```

## Modification of configuration parameters

> You can just use the [`exonum_launcher`][exonum_launcher] utility to change the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the [`exonum_launcher`][exonum_launcher] utility to change the
```

anchoring configuration.

List of parameters that you can change without any preparatory actions:

* `transaction_fee` - the amount of the fee per byte in satoshis for anchoring
  transactions.
* `anchoring_interval` - the interval in blocks between anchored blocks.

> The `anchoring_keys` change procedure is more complicated and then it is described

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `anchoring_keys` change procedure is more complicated, you can find the description of this process
```

in the next section.

> ## Changing list of anchoring nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Changing the list of anchoring nodes
```

> * **Exclude node from the anchoring nodes.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Excluding node from the anchoring nodes.**
```

  The simplest case of changing anchoring nodes list is to exclude one of node from anchoring.

>   You just have to exclude their keys from the `anchoring_keys` array.

Reviewer: How?

Author: To write more detailed description I need to have configuration change procedure in the launcher.

> * **Add new node to the list of anchoring nodes.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Adding a new node to the list of anchoring nodes.**
```

>   In this case you must prepare the candidate node for inclusion in the list of

Reviewer: This section describes what you should do, but it doesn't describe how. Maybe it make sense to expand this section a bit?

Author: So I can't expand this description without a reference to the configuration change procedure in the exonum-launcher.

  anchoring nodes. In according of a [newbie guide][newbie_guide:step-3] you
  should generate Bitcoin keypair for the candidate. After tha configuration
  is applied, you must remember to run the `btc_anchoring_sync` utility.

> * **Change bitcoin key of an existing anchoring node.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Changing of the bitcoin key of an existing anchoring node.**
```

  This case is rare and in many ways similar to the previous one, but there
  are some differences. Instead of generating a new config for the sync utility
  you have to add a new Bitcoin keypair to the existing one.

>   To do that run `btc_anchoring_sync` utility:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To do it, run `btc_anchoring_sync` utility:
```

  ```shell
  cargo run -- generate-keypair -c path/to/anchoring/sync.toml
  ```

>   As a result of this call you will obtain a new `bitcoin_key`. Which you may

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  As a result of this call you will obtain a new `bitcoin_key`, which you may
```
